#### Week 7 (Arrays) Assignment
This week we are going to utilize arrays but also learn how to build software with an existing set of requirements.

Those requirements come in the form of tests that I have provided in the driver. They will exerciese your classes and
try to test that you have built a reliable implementation of a die(random number generator) and a dice tower that can aggregate
value of those dice when rolled together.

- A `Die` class that will implement a generic random number generator that is constructed with a specified number of sides.
  - `Die` will have a field for the number of sides assigned by the constructor only.
  - `Die` will have a field for its value generated by a random number.
  - `Die` will have a public `roll()` method that updates the value field.
  - `Die` will have a public accessor to get the `value` field.
  
- A `DiceTower` class which accepts a collection of dice on construction
  - `DiceTower` has a public `dropDice()` method which will roll the dice per the number of panels are in the dice tower
  - `DiceTower` has a public accessor to get the sum of the die results after the roll is finished.
  
- The Driver has two tests.
  - One that verifies your ranges for 1000 rolls of a 6 sided die.
  - One that verifies the range of values for 2 6 sided dice passed through the dice tower 1000 times.

##### Setup for Github
- Fork the repo to your personal account
- Clone your fork to your local computer
  - From Github Desktop
    - click the + on the top left
    - select clone then search for `CPT-163-27-F2015-Assignment-7-Array-DiceTower` use the one under the section with your github name
  - From Command Line
    - Copy the `https` link from your fork on github.com (its below the settings button on the right hand side of the page)
    - run `git clone <copied url>` (this will create a folder the same name as the repo in the directory you ran this command)
- Create a branch on your fork of the Assignment-7 Repo using the format <github-name>/<feature_description>
  - From Github Desktop
    - Click the `Add a Branch` button (It should be the button next to the dropdown that says `master`)
    - Make sure you create your branch from master
  - From Command Line
    - run `git checkout -b <branch_name>`
- In Netbeans create a new project and set the __Project Directory__ to the folder that was created when you cloned your fork.
- Write Code!
- Create a commit
  - From Github Desktop
    - Select your fork and fill-in the commit summary
    - Click `Sync`
  - From Command Line
    - run `git add .`
    - run `git commit -m "<your commit message>"`
    - run `git push origin <your_branch_name>`
- Go to Github.com and open your PR by clicking on `Compare and Open Pull Request`
